Require good and bad channels when creating a SpectrumArray object (#12877)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/12877.bugfix.rst

Fix bug where creating a :class:`~mne.time_frequency.SpectrumArray` from a

> :class:`numpy.ndarray` would require online the 'good' data channels to be present in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`numpy.ndarray` would require only the 'good' data channels to be present in
```

is this the correct intent?

Author: Typo and let's reformulate, thanks.

Author: See if the new changelog entry looks better to you.

> Fix bug when creating a :class:`~mne.time_frequency.SpectrumArray`. It nows requires
> both 'good' and 'bad' data channels to be present in the :class:`~mne.Info` and in the
> :class:`numpy.ndarray`, by `Mathieu Scheltienne`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a :class:`~mne.time_frequency.SpectrumArray`, the array shape check now
compares against the total of both 'good' and 'bad' channels in the provided
:class:`~mne.Info` (previously only good channels were checked), by
`Mathieu Scheltienne`_.
```
